and welcome back to a fresh episode of
the business
growth show i'm your host sam dunning
co-owner over at webchoiceuk.com
and today i'm joined by louis grenier
louis is the founder of the popular
contrarian marketing podcast everyone
hates marketers which has reached over 1
million downloads with no ads
he believes that radical differentiation
is the antidote
to marketing [__] louis a warm
welcome to the show squire
how are you doing what's up monster
i'm very good thanks and glad to know we
have the exact same microphone
good times good times sure is a is a
must-have recently upgraded
upgraded from the i think it was blue
yeti so it's uh
it's it's round isn't it
and i don't know for you but for me the
reason why i bought this one is because
i wanted to
achieve this kind of radio voice this
grain
yeah uh and yeah i know it's the same
for you right and that's a marketing
lesson right there
the reason why you bought this it's not
because it had more features or whatever
you want you to have a radio voice like
uh
sets uh i'm gonna forget his last name
just like me
i think you've actually without boring
our listeners and tuners in too much i
think you've actually got one better
version than me because i've got the
podcast version the mv7
and i think you've got the sm7b um
so i've got the kind of uh gamers
version
[Laughter]
you've got the classical one but with
that said sir we're going to be talking
all about how everyone tuning in
can really make that offering stand out
um
when no one not even the experts want to
share the secrets want to
share the insider information and we're
going to diving into what radical
differentiation actually means louis so
i'd love really first and foremost if
you could give us
a bit of background what what radical
differentiation differentiation is and
what it really means
so it's a business strategy these guys
as a positioning method
to make your business or to make your
product or service uh the only
choice in a specific category so that
you
stop thinking of competing against other
competitors but more think about how do
i serve
a very specific group of people and be
the only solution
for them uh and it's it goes way beyond
marketing from the sense that people
tend to understand it which is like
here is a product and now market it
it's really looking at the product that
you offer
the service you offer the market that
you serve the things you do the things
you're not going to do the way you're
going to promote
everything in a congruent way so that it
feels like
it's just like it's just engineered so
that it's radically
different in in in one specific
attributes and the term
has been uh was coined by marty newmayer
who's the author
of zag which is a fantastic book
gotcha okay so we're talking about
serving a
a small group of people rather than
appealing to the masses is that right
yeah i mean when i say that if you're
number one in your category already like
let's say if you're a web hosting
company and you're number one in your
category
um radical differentiation doesn't
really matter that much what matters at
this stage is mental and physical
availability which means that you want
more and more people in your category to
know about you and it doesn't have to be
crazy different you just you need to
pump your money
that you get from your sales of being
number one into
making sure that more and more people
remember you and
build mental structures in their head in
a sense radical differentiation is
extremely useful if you are a smaller
business a solopreneur a consultant
and you want to grow market share within
a very saturated category
so that you can quote unquote cross the
chasm
and then once you reach a certain size
differentiation that matters
less and less uh until you milk the cow
until profit goes down and then you need
to reinvent yourself and then
the cycle starts again awesome
well that's going to be useful i'd love
to chat through a bit more about
how help us tuning in or how even i can
steal some of these ideas when we're in
a saturated market like you say
because most of us are whether we've
started a company the chances are
there's a ton of other companies trying
to do exactly what we do
and and make money so we can jump into
that in a sec
um but why should we go down this route
when there's plenty of other traditional
or more common marketing methods
don't they work just as well louis or is
should we should we put all
our money in the uh or our eggs rather
in the radical differentiation basket
they don't work that much uh i mean it's
something that people get very
intuitively
you just look at the number of choices
in a category the look at the
companies that can be started today with
a laptop an internet connection and a
brain
and it's very easy to see how difficult
it is to
actually be the choice for others if
you're an entrepreneur a founder
marketer you understand that very easily
that obscurity
that doing what everyone else is doing
is not gonna cut it and
this is the problem in the century for
you like it's not gonna change you're
gonna need to know how to stand out and
the problem is that
no one really talks about the how people
talk about the why like i'm doing now
but they never talk about the next step
which is
yeah but how do i actually create
differentiation
that how do i turn away from thinking
it's risky to knowing that it's the only
way
so it's not radical differentiation is
not like a buzzword that is going to
stop being used in two years time it's a
problem that is always going to be there
and the solution is is to do this in a
way
you can't get away with it or else you
just unless you want to
a nice little size business struggle to
get leads
just get them from referrals word of
mouth you know
then then by all means do this but i
think intuitively
people understand the fact that you need
to do something different or else you're
just going to face obscurity
yeah yeah yeah and that that all does
make sense
um so i think we should probably jump
into it i mean what the
what are the things we need to consider
before we implement a strategy or
perhaps perhaps go through some of the
core elements
of what's actually involved in radical
differentiation and then we can perhaps
dive into the topics in a bit more depth
if that works for you louie
yeah so i'm going to put you on this on
the spot a bit uh so for this you need
to stay to stay with me because i'm
looking at just myself and it's a bit
weird
so let's let's say let's stay together
right for a second
so the radical differentiation formula
is the intersection of three things
the market that you serve the value you
bring them value i hate the word
everyone is using it but basically the
specific pain you solve for
that specific thing you do for them and
the category you're in
right okay so let's take your example uh
your company
so it's web show it's uk right that's
what you do
so we basically help businesses build
websites or seo strategies to generate
leads and sales
okay and do you serve worldwide or do
you serve in the uk
yeah all over really mainly uk but
probably about
10 outside mainly uk okay
um so that's a typical textbook example
of depending on your objectives of
um doubling down on something so that
you become the only
um because based on that simple
description there's probably
thousands of companies doing the exact
same thing right
so probably more than that yeah tons so
the first thing that is a bit
counterintuitive that i make people go
through
beyond challenging your mindset and
knowing that this is actually
the only way to go uh i'm not
necessarily gonna spend time on this
because it's not extremely
practical and these are the other
structures that are more important
is the market that you serve and so what
i make people understand is that you
need to spend time with your
existing customers so one of the core
exercises that that i would challenge
people to do
and what i would challenge you to do
right now for example is to
make a list of all the customers that
you have
past and existing and list them and and
and um sort them in term of four
criterias
um do you like working with them
does it give you joy so joy is the
number is one of the biggest
okay how does it bring you good money
profit wise
and so i don't mean just are they giving
are you getting a lot of revenue but
are you making profits like is it
healthy
do you have access to them so when you
think of
like companies in specific industry that
you serve do you tend to know
where they hang out you have a list of
people in your email that follow that
you know and so and the last one is the
pain do they have a bleeding neck
problem is it literally when they come
to you where they're in the [__]
did they really need to improve their
seo or did they just
take you because you know you got
recommended but it wasn't like something
massive like they didn't really care
whether or not you would work right
so i make people do that to understand
that not only do you not serve everyone
far from it you serve a group of people
who fit
this criteria of you need to know that
they have a pain
that they can pay you good money you
have access to them people forget and
for and finally you need to enjoy this
like as a business owner whether or not
you're on your own or not doesn't matter
like life is short you need to also be
able to make money and enjoy the work so
anyway i make them go
you would sort those through those
clients and what you'll start looking at
is patterns
okay so you start looking at okay what
is in common what do they have in common
are we
mostly serving industries that are
complex
are you mostly like are the vp of
marketing coming to us i mean it's
the brain is a beautiful tool for that
pattern recognition is
like absolutely fantastic uh so let your
brain sit in
and the mistake that people make is they
jumping straight away into
demographic thermographic they think you
need to sort them by
types and industries and categories and
roles
right i would challenge you to think
more in terms of psychographic
what type of things do they believe what
do they believe what do they like what
do they want to do
that they have in common and then what
i'm saying
are we saying more objective based than
industry based and job sector based or
yes it's beyond just objective
you also want to dig into the belief
system that they have like for example
for me the people i serve the most are
people who believe that most marketing
is [__]
right and the people who tend to believe
that tend to be
solopreneurs copywriters brand directors
people who've been burned by the
corporate world you know
and so it's what tends to happen when
you do this is like you think of role
first and then you try to look at
okay and how do i retrofit objectives
and whatnot but the best way to think is
the other way
so and then what i would challenge you
to do is talk to those people and
instead of
just selling them anything just try to
understand why
they went with you in the first place
the journey from start to finish talk me
through the very first time you ever
thought about potentially hiring a seo
agency just to create this category
sure who did you look uh how did you
find across
how did you find us uh what other
companies you compare us to
what made you pick us rather than a
competitor
what is the one thing you're able to do
now that you weren't able to do before
right those questions the way to
visualize it is like
this kind of journey that you paint on
behalf
like by extracting this insight from
them you're painting this painting of
the journey people
usually take from you like uh
discovering you
and so you use that data as kind of lego
bricks
to build your structure so out of those
questions you basically have
competitive alternatives the type of
things they compare you to
you have the uniqueness which is the one
thing they love the most about you
you have the way they describe you to a
friend like the category
whereas they use you have so much data
they can like
move on uh to the next step the
the that's frankly the laziest way to
identify your
market that you really need to serve is
to talk to them and modify those kind of
patterns
and then we need to commit yes what
about if we're a fresh business
and we don't necessarily have any
customers to do this with
great question so what you need to do is
find people
and that's incredibly important and
thank you for asking because i forgot to
mention that
it's incredibly important to talk to
people who've already
crossed that bridge meaning they've
already spent money
on a company or service that is similar
than yours
so do not i repeat do not talk to people
who never hired an seo agency even if
you don't have customers do not try to
get data from people who never hired
something
to do the job because they never had
skin in the game and they never had the
bleeding
neck problem that made them pay for you
for a solution
or pain that you're solving so even if
you're only starting out
try to find people who went through just
to take the seo agency as a category
and look at the type of uh people who
bought one
in the past and on what made them decide
to start looking what was the pain what
made them like say
okay i need to do something right so as
easy
now you might not have as much data on
what makes you unique obviously
but that's fine because identifying what
people
why people make a decision is way more
important than
than that so once you have that
you need to commit to a specific market
and so that's the
the thing that i picked up on and i
don't need to like i
analyze your business but i think it's a
perfect example and i think it's
i'm happy for you too man we we get
analyzed all the time on the show
there's a there's a chat called josh
braun that came on one of the
very very earliest episodes and he laid
into
uh i think it was our intro actually um
but it gave some really good feedback so
i'm always i'm always open to what i
guess so
uh when you mention we basically serve
pretty much everyone right
like that's roughly what you said you
know it wasn't
it is one of the enemy of radical
referenciation because you can't
do a service for everyone and be
different
because it just doesn't work you're not
a big company with a massive market
share
where you can use that growth and and
movement
to to grow and grow further you don't
have this dynamic so you
have if you want to grow the only way is
to use the beach head
kind of strategy which is you go one
step at a time you pick a market that's
small enough that you can own and defend
and then you move on to a bigger one to
a bigger one to bigger one to a bigger
one and
far too often folks
think that they're going to miss out on
opportunities by doing this
in fact if you try to gather together to
everyone straight away you are shooting
yourself in the foot
because you are never going to be able
to be the only choice for the portion of
the market and therefore you will never
have the revenue and reputation to grow
so that's the counterintuitive thing so
it's from a book called cross the chasm
but joffrey moore
talks about [__] head strategy but it's
roughly the same idea of pick a minimum
viable market
own it defend it [__] use that
revenue to grow further
pick a bigger market you get it so for
you
i was just gonna say i think you've
you've hit the nail on the head really
we
we've probably been guilty of it and i'm
sure a lot of other companies
face that exact dilemma where they think
we want to appeal to everyone because we
don't want to turn business down
but interested to hear more in terms of
the approach about which i think you're
probably going to get into before i
interrupt you how we target that niche
and how we realize what we can do
excellently what we can do really well
rather than trying to appeal to
everybody well i think let's reverse
back about
let's think about why you have me on the
show because you
you looked at the top 50 marketing
podcasts on and
whatnot the reason why everyone has
marketers is in the top 50.
is not because i did a podcast for every
marketer interested in marketing
it's because i went super niche not in
terms of psycho
demographic and thermographic i didn't
say it's a podcast for
marketers in sas it's a podcast for
people
sick or marketing [__] and that's
the psychographic i led with that and
that's a small enough niche that i could
actually dominate
and frankly there's enough to do i don't
even need to grow in a bigger market
and the program that i offer and all of
that are for people like that and they
tend to be people like you
they tend to be solopreneurs
entrepreneurs founders
the senior vps like vps of marketing in
bigger businesses but they tend to be
like you
and so by leading with psychographic it
makes it it's easier so the next step
once you talk to people and pain the
journey
is to look at patterns and say okay and
that's an important question
are there any differences in the markets
that i can take advantage of right
is there a group of people out there
that is being
underserved that is that has a pain that
is not being solved that well
is there something out there where i
could jump into and say hey
i'm here for you i'm here to serve you
and
all of that will lead to expertise more
confidence
depth that you can't achieve by trying
to target everyone
and in return people will pay you more
trust you more
uh and refer you because they can put
you in a box and so
frankly at this stage if i'm looking at
you compared to all of the other
agencies i can't see any difference
but if you start to say just a rough
example that you're only for
like ambitious solopreneurs in the
[Music]
medical [__] sector you
take advantage of the dynamic of a niche
of a group of people who know each other
you have access to them maybe you can
start a newsletter only for them and
the ball gets running faster so you
when you have a heart issue when you
have a tooth that is painful you don't
go to your gp you go to the dentist and
that's the thing that that we forget we
we say that to others but we don't do it
ourselves
people see and know
that you can be trusted when you
specialize and i don't mean in a sector
necessarily you can specialize in
solving a specific pain
like i'm doing radical differentiation
is
industry agnostic but it's a very
specific problem
okay so in terms of just to dive a bit
deeper into defining that niche
so you mentioned we need to look at
patterns
so i guess if that's if we've got
customers that have had
specific problems that i suppose follow
those
point four points from the start that we
enjoy working with generating profitable
revenue
that we've got access to more of the
similar clients
um and have a hefty neck
i can't remember the time you use neck
bleeding pain that we can fit leading
neck
legging neck pain um so
yes essentially kind of thinking that
we've got a bunch of
customers in this sector that fit all
that criteria let's
hit that niche and go all in there
so once you know that this is this is
what you want to commit to
uh to be sure you can calculate the
market size like that's something that
people are scared about what if it's too
small
well calculate the market side you have
two ways to do it from bottom up
or or top down bottom up is basically
you start with your own list
in your email in your groups the
audience that you have and start
thinking okay
based on what i have how many can i get
right and top down
is looking at industry report and data
and say okay out if i want to just go
about dante's how many dentists is there
in the uk
if i get a penetration of like one
percent so if i serve only one percent
or 0.5 percent that would give me way
more than enough
and usually that eases up the pain of
what if
you know we're gonna starve we're not
like
it's not going to work out another way
to be sure is to look at
direct competitors by like direct
competitors is list down
the companies that solve the exact same
problem for the same group
are there are more than five that you
can find if so it means that it's a
validated market
and that you can be be there and have
fun in it if there's like more than 200
then there's a like it's it's a rule of
thumb but usually that
that means it's not specific in one
dimension enough
yeah makes sense so once you have that
market
the next step is to mobilize people in a
way what's what i like to make people do
then is to identify the monster
but the monster is the thing that make
people
uh take action it's it's like you point
the finger at something else that is a
threat
to their existing situation so that's
right you motivate them enough and
mobilize them enough
to move to the next step and cross that
bridge so
it's like the david versus goliath story
it's like pointing the figure at an
enemy
is a very nice way to to to contrast and
explain what you do without even saying
what you do
okay because what you're fighting
against people understand that by
definition because you're fighting
against that you do the you do the other
thing
so like i used to work for hotjar which
is a webinar this company
and they mean that we picked the reason
of their pain the reason why they wanted
to go with us is because
traditional web analytics like google
analytics
we are never we're not giving them what
people were
actually doing on their websites it kept
them in the dark because they were only
raising numbers
and so hoja was kind of the next step
and we're not saying we should
stop using web google analytics but we
said you need something else as well and
so by framing it this way by just simply
saying hey
those tools don't let you see what
people actually do on your website and
you're missing out
you really understand straight up that
what
what i'm doing is giving you that answer
and so it's
the principles behind conspiracy
theories
meaning conspiracy theorists have a high
level of anxiety
like your buyers in general and to
understand the world around them
because it's such a chaos they feel the
need to point the finger at something
that is represents the chaos represents
the reason why they're in pain
and this is the same thing in in
people's like everyone is anxious about
big purchases and finding an seo agency
and by saying hey it's not your fault if
you're feeling that pain if you have
this bleeding neck it's because
of that reason because of this change
whatever it frames the discussion
about i'm here to help you and i
understand you instead of
those competitors are [__]
all right well that that's a nice
example that that you use for hotjar
um explaining it's the next step on from
google analytics
if we want to identify the monster for
our own business
is there a set strategy what that we
should undertake
in terms of how we can get this little
golden nugget of information
and then use it whether it's on our
website our marketing material or
brand messaging or wherever we want to
put it yeah so
step one would be to list what causes
your people's pain like if they go
if they seek your service what is the
initial pain that they had is it because
their rankings were are going down is
that the major thing
and so if you have that then you can
start unifying and ask yourself
questions
what do you believe is causing that pain
why are they losing rankings
what gets in the way of reaching their
purpose
what are they the most sick of hearing
for example what are the tired cliche in
the industry that might cause them pain
which by the way is an interesting
question to us that i forget to say
what are the cliches what are the pet
peeves that you have with uh
about our category is a beautiful
question it gives you
lots of bricks a lot of things ah that's
our customers pet peeves of the
categories right
yeah it's like it's what your customers
would say
about seo agencies traditionally and
what they said there
you can use one of them and go all the
way and if they all say that
i don't know they are they're greedy
they all never have uh hide their price
and never show their price that you
could go all in and say
let's show our price the price is what
it is we're never gonna like
uh change it you know that kind of stuff
so i like that yeah
you ask yourself those questions you
look at overall trends as well from a
monster perspective so what's
interesting to look is
are there any systemic changes in the
culture in the society in the industry
that you're in
that might cause people pain are there
political changes societal changes
cultural changes uh like current
awareness is a typical
absolutely gigantic social societal
change that is causing
people all of pain and business is a lot
of pain where they have to move online
and
right you get that right and then you
need to pick one
and that's the idea of committing is the
same you need to commit
you need to commit to one and you can't
just average them out and and say well
the big monster is google algorithm
changing all the time but it's also
covered but it's also whatever
my biggest biggest advice is just to
pick one you can mention the others
later on but really pick the one that
gives you the most energy that people
understand the best
that really helps you to frame what you
do very well and say hey we are
here to help you out of this and fight
this monster with you
and usually the statement is basically
this it's
this monster causes that pain because of
that reason
simple and by just saying that word
those words together you'll see that
like say oh yeah no that's true and they
feel understood
and it's not a discussion anymore about
like direct competitors and where you're
better because that's not really what
people care about they want to be
understood
um so that that helps you to shape the
rest so
once you have that monster you can
engineer your differentiation
okay and once you have so you have that
market now that is very specific
you have a monster that you're framing
things against and now what you want to
do is
engineer this formula like the only
category that does this thing
for that group of people so what
i tend to encourage people to do here is
to gather the data you already have
so those lego bricks that i mentioned
before like all the little things that
you got
pick a category and be very specific so
if you are only
seo agency let's say pick those category
and list down everything that is that
tends to be done in that category
so what do they say what do they not say
what do they do what do they don't do
very important people tend to just look
at what they do
what are they not saying what are they
not doing what are the cliches the
people the thing that people
hate make a list and look at the top
three five that you really like that you
feel could be challenged and ask
yourself
what can we do to challenge or remove uh
in that in in that expectation of you
know those conventions in an seo agency
can we focus on that very specific plane
and offer just one that's
that service and stop being the
all-in-one service for that group can we
become like this
the only seo agency that does audits
within six hours for
dentists or you know like it needs to be
like
sharp right so you select those
okay so finding a way you can stand out
from your competition
yeah but it's really it's it's
it's the the core keyword here is not
adding it's removing and that's a
mistake that people do they tend to try
to add as many [__] as possible on top
of it
um by removing as much as possible
you're gonna shed lights on the positive
and people will rationalize the
negatives meaning
they'll know that you don't do that many
things but they expect that those things
that you do are [__] good premium
and you can charge higher for this right
and that's the beauty of it
like there's this uh burger joint in
dublin that is the best in dublin
by long mile because they only do one
burger
beef burger right that's it no chicken
burgers they only serve one beer one
type of beer one type of soda
they are menu literally is a business
card
and by removing everything else chicken
burgers and whatever else
even the design like they go all the way
congruently
it's not just the [__] menu it's the
restaurant itself it's the way they
approach the staff and whatnot
they are able to say we're the only
burger joint that gives you this kind of
organic meat and like beautiful juicy
burger that you can't get anywhere else
frankly you can't
so they don't even need to say they're
monster explicitly they're monsters are
the traditional fast food restaurants
that just provide uh factory like
horse [__] so you see like think about
what's important in this process is look
at
the type of services and products you've
bought in the past and pay attention to
the way they've done it
chances are the one that you really
admire those brands that you love those
artists that you love
all do it like daft punk
in completely from the industry look at
the things they have
done and what they haven't done they've
only probably produced four live albums
they've only produced themselves live a
handful of times everything they've done
has been thought about so well like no
ipad music
like no [__] it's just so
streamlined
all the way to the the way they hide
their faces it's just congruent from
start to finish so
if you think about it this way you'll
understand that what is interesting
is what is not done by people not
necessarily what is done
um and once you've achieved that you
have to commit you have to [__] go
for it
full force that means you stop being an
seo agency like any other in the uk that
serve any type of people
you become the only seo agency that
serve
that group of people and that does that
thing you know all that helps them do
that thing
and usually clarity becomes evident then
people are just like oh okay they feel
relieved
they don't have all those choices in
front of them they feel like
[__] this this is good and i know this
is not gonna be forever
like i'm gonna use the money and
reputation i'm gonna build on
credibility
to once i have nailed that market and
people know me inside i'm gonna just
develop another product with the money i
have using the same principle
and this is how it works every company
that are
super famous right now started that way
you
you just can't do it any other way
physically
from a psychologically stan
psychological standpoint that's how
people discover things
you can't hack that it just just can't
work
interesting and do you think this can
work for you
you said louie it's best for us smaller
businesses new businesses
entrepreneurs can it work for companies
that have been going a long time
companies are perhaps mid-sized larger
scale enterprise
is it is it across the board that you
can use this framework
yes i mean it's basically marketing 101
these guys has
a business strategy mate i mean it's
literally diagnosis strategy tactics
good old like looking outwards stop
looking at your
at your belly button uh understand
identifying where you can go
where you shouldn't go so that's the
strategy and tactics is the set of
things you're gonna do so absolutely
but the main thing to understand is that
if you're number one in a category
you are going through a force
that is very good for you which which is
called the double jeopardy law
that is uh that is called by baron sharp
from the the iron bar institute of
marketing
that says the higher your market share
the slightly more loyal your clients
the slightly more light buyers you have
meaning like people who don't
necessarily buy that many times from
that category
and the more money also they bring to
you and so in the other way the smaller
you are
the more you're against those forces and
so you have to do something drastically
different
to capture the attention of people and
once the ball starts rolling faster and
faster
uh you can lean on that strength of
yours to just
grow and grow so i visually
i can't think of any scenario where that
can't work
for job hunt if you're looking for a job
you can apply the same thinking for
dating if you want to
for a new podcast if you want to it
doesn't matter and that's the beauty of
it it's
because it's based on first principles
of marketing gotcha
no that'll that'll make sense and when
it comes to
let's say we've perhaps already got a
business perhaps we've really niched
down
in terms of exactly who we want to serve
and what we want to do perhaps we've
reduced our product line or our services
and we've just focused on doing
something really great really well
that we believe there's only a handful
of companies doing
when it comes to actually bringing that
to market
is the should the approach be different
in terms of
i don't know whether we're doing digital
marketing whether we're doing more
traditional marketing whether we're
using social media
um does radical differentiation does
that vary when it comes to actually
bringing it out there
and getting in front of idle customers
well
it's the same principle which is you
need to say a few things and
tell them very well people are so afraid
of like missing out on a specific
message that they tend to just say
everything at once
focus on one thing at a time people
don't have [__] time for you so just
say one thing say it well instead of
trying to say five things
um so that's that works the core things
that i tend to advise people at this
stage is now that you know your market
very well
you tend to know where they hang out you
know intimately where they are because
you have access to them
you know what they like what they don't
like things get much easier at this step
you're not like
lost into like oh my god what should we
do should we start a podcast restart a
blog should we advertise you
you know who do you even talk to like
you stop all of those questions and now
it's like okay
i know who are my people i know what to
tell them i know what i can offer them
it's the best [__] thing that i can
do for them where are they
let's let's go you know so the biggest
advice again i give at this stage is to
share a gift and so i don't mean a pdf
as a lean magnet it's way beyond that
it's a thing you can generously give to
people to either
alleviate their boredom so they're less
bored
educate them a bit like teach them
something they didn't know make them
laugh
something like that okay and it could be
a tv ad
it could be a radio uh it could be an
e-book it could be a podcast
um it doesn't matter as much as
generously giving something first before
expecting to get
and that's something people tend to
forget a
a lot so how generous can you be
is there something you can share with
the world that competitors traditionally
are afraid of sharing
how um can you use authority around you
is another thing like can you lean on
other people's
network and expertise in order to get um
your point across and share that gift um
can you do a series around it like is it
ever green is it something you can do
over and over again this is what
podcasting is very popular right now
it's because it's this idea of a gift
right
got it okay so look at something kind of
useful that competitors aren't doing
that you can give away
to that industry as a as a nice little
gift
and yeah that makes sense i suppose if
you've done the the customer interviews
properly you're going to know like you
said where they hang out
how they found you and where other
people just like them
are going to be so the research is
already done
so you don't need to worry too much
about looking into new marketing
channels i suppose
yeah yeah and unlike anything i
mentioned before stick to one see
see if that works and then and then move
on but chances are that you don't have
the luxury of
hedging your pets like if you have a 10k
budget don't [__] spend
1000 on one channel one thousand in
another like
nail one core message you wanna then go
after and just
pick one or two channels that you know
like people hang out on and just
[__] go all in you know got it louie
really appreciate you coming on the show
man enjoyed the conversation thank you
very much for your time sir
please do tell us more about how we can
learn from you a bit about the podcast
and any courses you
would like to promote sir thanks for
asking you so
just go to everyoneheadsmarters.com and
you can sign up to my newsletter on
differentiation
and the podcast is the same name
everyone has marketers
and the last thing is my eight-week
high-intensity program
that i run twice a year for people who
want to radically stand out
um that's the next one is this september
it's called stand
the [__] out
stand the [__] out indeed louis thanks
very much coming on dude appreciate it
thank you cheers and if you enjoyed the
show be sure to hit subscribe wherever
the heck you get your podcast from
it's business growth show and we
interview business leaders each and
every week to provide actionable tips
across marketing
sales with a view to help you grow your
business and with that we should catch
you
on the next episode